 No, baby oil does NOT come from squeezing dead babies.
 If you can' t be good, be careful.
 And Adam asked, " What' s a Headache? "
 The best things come in small packages.
 A good mind possesses a kingdom.
 There' s no peace for the wicked.
 In an attempt to kill a fly, I drove into a pole.
 Features should be discovered, not documented!
 " I drank WHAT?!?! " - Socrates
 And Homer saith unto them, " D' OH! " - - Bart 17: 3
 Desperate times call for desperate measures.
 There are no answers, only cross - references.
 Guns don' t kill people. Bullets kill people.
 I' m spending a year dead for tax purposes.
 Better an egg today than a hen tomorrow.
 When in doubt, do nothing.
 My name is Bond, James Bond of Borg. You will be shaken, not stirred.
 Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
 Optimist: A Yugo owner with a trailer hitch!
 Bloom where you are planted.
 I' d love to, but the President said he might drop in.
 Rome wasn' t built in a day.
 Don' t talk the talk if you can' t walk the walk.
 Money makes the mare go.
 Love of money is the root of all politics.
 All are not thieves that dogs bark at.
 You go to heaven... God sneezes... What do you say?
 Truth may be blamed, but it shall never be shamed.
 Press Control, Alt, Delete for an I. Q. Test.
 I' m not afraid of heights ; I' m afraid of widths.
 Look before you leap.
 Ethel the Aardvark Goes Quantity Surveying... the Musical!
 This is your brain. Postscript on brain your is This.
 The four snack groups: cakes, crunchies, frozen and sweets.
 Old is Gold, but never sold.
 I don' t have a solution but I really admire the problem.
 Behind every good computer - is a jumble of wire.
 Don' t change horses in midstream.
 Two heads are better than one.
 Aibohphobia: Fear of palindromes.
 Dentist' s famous last words: " You won' t feel a thing... "
 Waste not, want not.
 A little pot is easily hot.
 If screwups were dollars, I' d be a millionaire!!
 Smile, and the world smiles with you ; cry, and you cry alone.
 I may have my faults, but being wrong ain' t one of them.
 SHOCKING TRUTH: 50 % of all people are below average....
 Both of his feet are firmly planted in the air.
 A reconciled friend is a double enemy.
 A nudist has no reason to fear a pickpocket.
 Don' t throw the baby out with the bathwater.
 You' re not old, You' re chronologically disadvantaged
 Poets are born, but orators are trained.
 It' s been a business doing pleasure with you...
 Press < CTRL > < ALT > < DEL > to read the next message...
 Ignorance is bliss.
 Today is cancelled due to lack of interest!
 He that stays in the valley will not get over the hill.
 I' m easy to please as long as I get my way.
 Enter any 11 - digit prime number to continue
 Psychoceramics: The study of crackpots.
 Mainframe: the biggest PC peripheral you can buy.
 If you want the last word with a woman, apologize.
 Politeness costs nothing and gains everything.
 Don' t put the cart before the horse.
 Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me.
 If you really want to know, you won' t ask me.
 Eggs and oaths are soon broken.
 A home is not home without mom
 Don' t bite the hand that feeds you.
 Blood is thicker than water.
 What a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive.
 He that would hang his dog gives out first that he is mad.
 I don' t own any slaves. My wife has one, though.
 BorgBurgers. We do it our way. Your way is irrelevant.
 Paddle your own canoe.
 You' ve obviously been educated beyond your intelligence.
 Use it or lose it.
 There is luck in odd numbers.
 Slow and steady wins the race.
 Good fences make good neighbors.
 Better bow than break.
 The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
 If you lie down with dogs, you' ll get up with fleas.
 Time is precious.
 Don' t count your chickens before they' re hatched.
 Some days you get the bear, other days the bear gets you.
 Out of sight... Out of mind.
 Never mind the star, get those camels off my lawn!
 Solve the problems of the world: Vote anarchist.
 It takes two to make a quarrel.
 My dog thinks he' s human, my cat thinks he' s GOD.
 First Rule of Intelligent Tinkering - Save all parts
 Think before you speak.
 Look on the sunny side of life.
 What goes up must come down.
 A. 45 beats a royal flush EVERY TIME
 Don' t make a mountain out of a molehill.
 Live and let live.
 Any sufficiently advanced bug will become a feature.
 He' s an ill cook that cannot lick his own fingers.
 Call a spade a spade.
 Fine feathers make fine birds.
 No need of words, trust deeds.
 If you can' t make it good, make it big.
 Burn not your house to rid it of the mouse.
 Now on CD ROM, classic taglines of the computer era.
 One good turn deserves another.
 Bureaucrats cut red tape - - lengthwise.
 THIS TRUCK HAS BEEN IN 8 ACCIDENTS. It has not lost one yet.
 Never lie to your doctor.
 Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
 Learn to walk before you run.
 I think my learning curve has turned into a circle.
 A preposition is a poor word to end a sentence with.
 If it ain' t water - cooled... it' s a terminal!
 Who digs a trap for others ends up in it himself.
 Mind your own business.
 Everyone makes mistakes, if not we' d all be single!
 Seek and ye shall find.
 Blessed are the meek, for they make great scapegoats.
 History repeats itself.
 Knowledge is power.
 Is there a lawyer in the house? < BLAM! > Is there another?
 It' s not a BUG, it' s an undocumented feature!
 I am in total control, but don' t tell my wife.
 No man is indispensable.
 If it works, you must have done something wrong.
 The customer is always right.
 Much bran and little meal.
 Beware of Greeks bearing gifts.
 God is on the side of the strongest batallions.
 If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
 The more the merrier.
 Justice pleaseth few in their own house.
 If you' re not the lead dog, the view can be very interesting!
 Never say never.
 Governments absorb 100x their weight in excess liberties.
 First things first.
 Insomnia isn' t anything to lose sleep over.
 Every cloud has a silver lining.
 Health is wealth.
 If this were an actual tagline, it would be funny.
 Every fool is pleased with his own folly.
 Can you repeat the part after' Listen very carefully'?
 Don' t confuse me with facts, my mind is made up!
 I don' t have all the answers, just those that count.
 Insert disk 5 of 4 and press any key to continue
 The exception proves the rule.
 The child is father to the man and to the woman.
 I may look busy, but I' m just confused!
 A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
 Diplomacy: Saying " Nice doggie " until you can find a rock
 All is not lost that is in danger.
 Every man has his price.
 He that hath a head of wax must not walk in the sun.
 Proffer' d service stinks.
 Hindsight is always twenty - twenty.
 Old habits die hard.
 The bold print giveth and the fine print taketh away.
 If you buy cheaply, you pay dearly.
 The best defense against logic is stupidity.
 He that swells in prosperity will shrink in adversity.
 Better go about than fall into the ditch.
 Life' s battle don' t always go to the stronger or faster man, but sooner or later the man who wins is the one who thinks he can.
 Love laughs at locksmiths.
 Bumper Sticker: HORN NOT WORKING - - WATCH FOR HAND SIGNALS.
 Nature never did betray the heart that loved her.
 Bought friends are not friends indeed.
 Give, and ye shall receive.
 You CAN trust the government... ask any Indian.
 5 billion years the earth takes to form, and we get THIS?
 Avoid the 5 o' clock rush - always leave work at noon.
 The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
 1 + 2 = 3 ; Therefore, 4 + 5 = 6.
 Now, witness the power of this fully OPERATIONAL tagline!
 Don' t judge a man until you have walked a mile in his boots.
 Give neither salt nor counsel till you are asked for it.
 A problem shared is a problem halved.
 A man is known by the company he keeps.
 This, too, shall pass.
 If only women came with pull - down menus and on - line help!
 As the old cock crows, so crows the young.
 No viruses detected. Must be a pair of Nanites.
 Many a true word is spoken in jest.
 A mans worst enemies are often those of his own house.
 If at first you don' t succeed, then skydiving isn' t for you.
 Cheaters never prosper.
 I' m just here for moral support... please ignore the gun.
 Whatever you do, act wisely, and consider the end.
 Windows isn' t a virus. A virus DOES something.
 Women were meant to be loved, not understood.
 Golden Rule: He who has the gold makes the rules.
 Humpty Dumpty was pushed! Well, I saw it on X - Files....
 A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
 If you' re in a hole, stop digging.
 Constant dropping wears away the stone.
 War is God' s way of teaching us geography.
 Don' t run behind success run behind perfection and success will come behind you.
 With friends like that, who needs enemies?
 I' m not dead, I' m metabolically challenged.
 You' re only young once. You' re immature forever.
 I can keep a secret, it' s the people I tell who can' t.
 All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
 I used to jog, but the ice kept falling out of my glass.
 Nothing for nothing.
 Hot water Heaters: hot water needs heating?
 Dog for sale: eats anything and is fond of children
 Imagination comes before Creation.
 If you believe in telekinesis, please raise my hand.
 Alex, I' ll take " Things Only I Know " for $ 1000, please.
 No man can serve two masters.
 Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.
 World Ends at 3pm ; Film at 5 on WLKY Early News....
 I' m not rude, I' m " attitudinally challenged ".
 Wise men learn by other men' s harms, fools by their own.
 Truth will out.
 Never say die.
 I' m writing a book. I' ve got the page numbers done.
 Insanity is doing the same thing over and over, expecting different results.
 If you want someone to keep a secret, keep it yourself.
 We give nothing as willingly as our advice.
 Good riding at two anchors, men have told, for if the one fails, the other may hold.
 Keep your own counsel.
 Give the devil his due.
 Am I ignorant or apathetic? I don' t know and don' t care!
 Vuja De: The feeling that none of this has happened before.
 It takes two to tango.
 Beware of the false prophets, who come to you in sheep' s clothing, and inwardly are ravening wolves.
 The flush toilet is the basis of western civilization.
 The last will be first, and the first last.
 I used up all my sick days, so I' m calling in dead.
 When in doubt, tell a lie
 If it works, rip it apart and find out why!
 Two is a company ; three is a crowd.
 Did you expect mere proof to sway my opinion?
 It ain' t over, but the fat lady is clearing her throat.
 Revenge is a dish best served cold.
 You get what you pay for.
 When in doubt, leave it out.
 Remember when safe sex was not getting caught in the act?
 Press any key to continue. No, not THAT one!
 One might as well be hanged for a sheep as a lamb.
 He who laughs last... had to have it explained.
 Hey!! These cookies don' t taste like Girl Scouts!
 When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate.
 If you don' t have anything nice to say, don' t say anything at all.
 A staff is quickly found to beat a dog.
 Better underdone than overdone.
 When one door closes, another door opens.
 Stolen fruit is the sweetest.
 AAAAAA - American Association Against Acronym Abuse Anonymous
 Never insult 7 men when all you' re packing is a 6 - shooter
 Don' t even TRY to THINK without proper tools.
 If you buy quality, you only cry once.
 I' m dangerous when I know what I' m doing.
 What was the best thing BEFORE sliced bread?
 Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
 The door swings both ways.
 You can lead a horse to water but you can' t make it drink.
 Unfortunately, Wife 1. 0 is not upgradable
 If an experiment works, something has gone wrong
 Don' t cut off your nose to spite your face.
 He who hesitates is lost.
 Hard words break no bones.
 Penny wise, pound foolish.
 The way to a man' s heart is through his stomach.
 I' ll get to it on the 2nd Tuesday of next week.
 Got my Uzi, got some Scotch... let' s go to Disneyland!
 If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
 Black holes are where God divided by zero.
 There is nothing more precious than time and nothing more prodigally wasted.
 Tread on a worm and it will turn.
 A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
 A woman' s work is never done.
 Don' t make the same mistake twice.
 When choosing between two evils, select the newer one.
 I came, I saw, I confused.
 I have seen the data... now bring me some I can agree with
 Bad is the best choice.
 This message written with recycled electrons.
 A stitch in time saves nine.
 Give and take is fair play.
 If it jams, force it.... If it breaks, it needed replacing
 He that sows the wind shall reap the whirlwind.
 I am not young enough to know everything.
 Shh! Be vewy qwiet! I' m hunting wuntime ewwows!
 Where there is a will, there is a way.
 He who takes credit for rain will be blamed for drought.
 When a cow laughs, does milk come up its nose?
 You never know what you can do until you try.
 Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.
 Time flies when you' re having fun.
 Two wrongs don' t make a right.
 Be a friend to thyself, and others will befriend thee.
 How can you be so deaf with those huge ears?
 A problem can be found for almost every solution.
 Desk: A very large wastebasket with drawers.
 Girlfriend pregnant: ( I ) gnore ( R ) etry ( A ) bort?
 For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil.
 What goes around comes around.
 Second thoughts are the best.
 It takes a village to raise a child.
 The best defence is a good offence.
 We aren' t surrounded. We' re in a target - rich environment.
 Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
 " I never met a chocolate I didn' t like. " - - Deanna Troi
 The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
 I' d love to, but my uncle escaped again.
 If you' re not part of the solution, you' re part of the problem.
 Honk if you love obscene gestures.
 Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
 Truth seeks no corners.
 Seen the new Clinton watch? Only $ 5. 95. $ 54. 95 with tax.
 Have a cold? Let me introduce you to Doc Jack Kevorkian.
 A good surgeon has an eagle' s eye, a lion' s heart, and a lady' s hand.
 Confidence begets confidence.
 He had need rise early who would please everybody.
 Maybe I should cut the power before I - - ZZZAAPPOWWWWWW
 Mind like a steel trap - rusted shut!
 I' d love to, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
 Common fame is often to blame.
 The only stupid question is the one that is not asked.
 It' s a long lane that has no turning.
 When the cat is away, the mice will play.
 Men leap over where the hedge is lower.
 A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
 Where vice goes before, vengeance follows after.
 Acid absorbs 10 times its weight in excess reality.
 If the theists all shut up, the gods would be speechless.
 Don' t have too many irons in the fire.
 Good blood always shows itself.
 Much is expected where much is given.
 True Multitasking = 3 PCs and a chair with wheels!
 A nod' s as good as a wink to a blind horse.
 Actions speak louder than words.
 If two wrongs don' t make a right, try three.
 There is nothing new under the sun.
 A still tongue makes a wise head.
 If you have no enemies it is a sign that fortune has forgotten you.
 I am the Marlboro Man of Borg. I ( cough ) will assim - ( choke, wheeze )..
 Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
 Laws catch flies, but lets hornets go free.
 Insanity is just a state of mind.
 Truth gives a short answer, lies go round about.
 Know thyself.
 A miss by an inch is a miss by a mile.
 Light at end of tunnel temporarily out of order.
 He that will thrive must first ask his wife.
 Lead by example.
 God never closes one door without opening another.
 If you sup with the devil, use a long spoon.
 Good laws have sprung from bad customs.
 A tongue of a fool carves a piece of his heart to all sit near him.
 OS / 2 VirusScan - " Windows found: Remove it? [ Y / y ] "
 Software Independent: Won' t work with ANY software.
 If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don' t, they never were.
 Example is better than correction.
 What everybody says must be true.
 Make haste slowly.
 85 % of all statistics are made up on the spot.
 Advisers run no risks.
 Marry in haste, and repent at leisure.
 Away goes the devil if he finds the door shut against him.
 Don' t cross a bridge before you come to it.
 Live long and prosper... But don' t let the IRS know.
 When the pig is proffered, hold up the poke.
 A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
 Joy shared, joy doubled: sorrow shared, sorrow halved.
 He is my friend that succoreth me, not he that pitieth me.
 Repetition is the mother of memory.
 Circular Definition: see Definition, Circular.
 Catch not at the shadow and lose the substance.
 Our friends are our mirrors and show us ourselves.
 Nature is beyond all teaching.
 Next time you wave, use ALL of your fingers!!
 A son is a son' till he gets him a wife ; a daughter' s a daughter all her life.
 Avoid evil and it will avoid thee.
 paranoia: believing this tagline is about you.
 Well begun is half done.
 A bird in the hand is a big mistake.
 Fortune favors the brave.
 Everyone' s business is no one' s business.
 Bank Rule: To get a loan, first prove you don' t need it.
 Good men are hard to find.
 He that waits on another man' s trencher, makes many a late dinner.
 Look after the pennies and the pounds will look after themselves.
 A good name is the best of all treasures.
 Out of small acorns grow mighty oaks.
 A fool is ever laughing.
 How do you keep a turkey in suspense?
 It' s a cracked pitcher that goes longest to the well.
 It' s easier to ask forgiveness than permission.
 " All my hidden skills are undiscovered. " - Clinton
 Two things prolong your life: A quiet heart and a loving wife.
 Epitaph on a gravestone: Cheerio, see you soon.
 A lawyer' s opinion is worth nothing unless paid for.
 Tact is for weenies.
 hAS ANYONE SEEN MY cAPSLOCK KEY??
 Kill your darlings.
 As you make your bed, so you will sleep on it.
 Things working well, no problems. Time to upgrade.
 No book was so bad, but some good might be got out of it.
 " Please return stewardess to original upright position "
 No man is an island.
 Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
 Set a thief to catch a thief.
 In for a penny in for a pound.
 Taglines: the toilet - stall walls of BBSdom.
 Crows will not pick out crows eyes.
 Tweety of Borg: I tawt I attimilated a Puddy Tat!
 Eat your own dog food.
 If wishes were fishes, we' d all cast nets.
 The more things change, the more they stay the same.
 Yea, I' m a pacifist. Wanna make somethin' of it, bub?
 Without temptation there is no victory.
 Of all the people I' ve met, you' re certainly one of' em.
 Kinky: Using A Feather. Sick: Using The Whole Chicken
 The wolf finds a reason for taking the lamb.
 From those to whom much is given, much is expected.
 Answers: $ 1. Correct answers: $ 5. Dumb looks: Free!
 Scaldophobia: Fear the toilet will flush while showering.
 Great events cast their shadows before them.
 If love is blind, lingerie makes great braille.
 Less is more.
 Give a dog a bad name and he' ll live up to it.
 A short cut is the longest distance between two points.
 How do they get the deer to cross at the signs?
 Never ask pardon before you are accused.
 In the land of the blind, the one - eyed man is king.
 Wealth rarely brings happiness.
 Fair play' s a jewel.
 " Oops. " - - Richard Nixon
 Virtue which parleys is near a surrender.
 But honey, I wouldn' t be up so late on a faster machine!
 Desperate diseases must have desperate remedies.
 Forewarned, forearmed.
 It is an ill bird that fouls its own nest.
 You can send me to college, but you can' t make me think.
 A good marriage outlasts the first box of dental floss.
 We now return to your previously - scheduled topics.
 Go ahead, correct my typos. I' ll make more.
 The world is coming to an end. Please log off properly.
 When an Agnostic dies, does he go to the Great Perhaps?
 A store is no sore.
 The nail that sticks up will be hammered down.
 Kill them all!.... Let God sort them out.
 An empty vessel makes much noise.
 A rotten apple injures its companions.
 I wasn' t kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth.
 Death is life' s way of telling you you' ve been fired.
 If things improve with age, I' m nearly MAGNIFICENT!
 Anything good is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
 A man attempting to walk around the world DROWNED today..
 Junk - stuff we throw away. Stuff - junk we keep.
 The best goods are cheapest in the end.
 Help stamp out, eliminate, and abolish redundancy!
 Rules were meant to be broken.
 Excuse my driving... I' m trying to reload.
 Runtime Error 6D at 417A: 32CF: Incompetent User.
 Evil begets evil.
 Ask me about my vow of silence...
 If you can' t take the heat, get out of the kitchen.
 Number of Vulcans needed to replace a bulb? Precisely 1. 000
 Business is business.
 If at first you don' t succeed, call it Version 1. 0
 If you have nothing to say, please only say it once!
 Adam ate the apple, and our teeth still ache.
 Praise the day at sunset.
 Beware programmers carrying screwdrivers.
 80 percent of life is showing up.
 A bad workman blames his tools.
 Abstinence is a good thing if practiced in moderation
 Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
 He complains wrongfully at the sea that suffer shipwreck twice.
 Don' t bite off more than you can chew.
 Rats desert a sinking ship.
 Many hands make light work.
 You' re not losing more hair, you' re gaining more scalp.
 Least said, soonest mended.
 When the head is sick, the whole body is sick.
 All is fish that comes to the net.
 I have a speech impediment... my foot.
 Talk is cheap - - supply exceeds demand!
 Every little helps.
 I' m not spoiled... I' m not, I' m not, I' m not!
 It' s no use crying over spilt milk.
 Honesty pays, but not enough for some.
 He laughs best who laughs last.
 Punishment is lame but it comes.
 Good wine needs no bush.
 ADVENTURE: The land between entertainment and panic.
 Who falls short in the head must be long in the heels.
 A bellyful is one of meat, drink, or sorrow.
 If you can' t laugh at yourself... I' ll do it for you.
 Repartee: An insult wearing a suit and tie.
 Learning is the eye of the mind.
 Why can' t women put the toilet seat back up?
 Avoid the pleasure which will bite tomorrow.
 Q: What can a goose do, a duck can' t, and a lawyer should? A: Stick his bill up his ass
 You don' t get nothing for nothing.
 All cats love fish but hate to get their paws wet.
 Idle hands are the devil' s playthings.
 If it ain' t broke, don' t fix it.
 I am Bullwinkle of Borg. Prepare to be pulled out of my hat.
 Of course I have backup tapes! Do you want last years?
 There are none so blind as they who do not want to see.
 Life is short, eat dessert first.
 While the grass grows the steed starves.
 86 of Borg: You will be assimilated. Would you believe, stood close to?
 Precepts teach, examples move.
 Diligent youth makes easy age.
 You have two choices for dinner: Take it or Leave it.
 I' ve met zucchini with more potential.
 Stick em up! < BANG > Okay.... DON' T stick em' up!
 Meaning of life: < deleted for lack of space >
 What if there were no hypothetical questions?
 Time is money.
 A wise man changes his mind, but a fool never does.
 Discretion is the better part of valor.
 Better to be alone than in bad company.
 Elvis Stamps: Where will your mail be spotted next?
 It' s easy to be wise after the event.
 A big enough hammer can usually fix anything.
 Why do those that pay the least complain the most?
 If all appears to go well, you missed something...
 Riker to Holodeck: " Woman, 23, hot. "
 I' ll have one brain on drugs with bacon, toast and juice.
 Misfortunes never come singly.
 96. 37 % of all statistics are useless..
 Willful waste makes woeful want.
 Zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse.
 I' m NOT " white, " I' m " melanin - challenged. "
 One swallow does not make a summer.
 The ignorant always adore what they cannot understand.
 Suicidal dyslexic jumps behind train - film at 11
 Garbage in, garbage out.
 Cross river * THEN * insult alligator.
 Backup not found: ( A ) bort ( R ) etry ( P ) anic
 A bad settlement is better than a good lawsuit.
 Little by little and bit by bit.
 Barking dogs seldom bite.
 Yes, you' re right. Unfortunately, I don' t really care.
 To err is human, to forgive is against my policy
 Tonight' s forecast: Dark, scattered light toward dawn.
 A drowning man will clutch at a straw.
 The grass is always greener on the other side.
 If you want her to show emotion, cut up her credit cards.
 Better safe than sorry.
 First deserve, then desire.
 You' re so vain / I bet you think this tagline' s about you
 You know the tree by its fruit.
 A perfect woman is one that is inflated to 40 psi.
 Ne' er cast a clout till May be out.
 Do not think that one enemy is insignificant, or that a thousand friends are too many.
 I' d love to, but my bathroom tiles need grouting.
 Once the pin is pulled, Mr. Grenade is no longer a friend...
 Any key will commence hard drive format. Continue ( y / n )?
 I' m not afraid of flying, I' m afraid of crashing.
 Money talks.
 " I' m sick! I ought to be home in bed with a nurse. "
 The dogs bark but the caravan passes on.
 If you can' t make it good, make it expensive.
 Little strokes fell great oaks.
 Faint heart never won fair lady.
 In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
 It' s better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
 A man' s home is his castle.
 I' ll have what the gentleman on the floor is having.
 sophisticated, adj. deprived of its native simplicity.
 The Procrastinators Anonymous meeting has been delayed until next Wednesday
 Take care of the pennies and the pounds will take care of themselves.
 Behind every great computer lies... a mess of wires!
 In zen skiing, you learn to become one with the snow.
 Missing the wood for the trees.
 The more you stroke the cat' s tail, the more he raises his back.
 Are you a Klingon, or is that a turtle on your head?
 Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
 Eschew Obfuscation!
 Monday is a hard way to spend 1 / 7 of your life.
 There' s no fool like an old fool.
 STICK \' stik \ n. 1: A somewhat nonfunctional boomerang.
 Working hard to become roadkill on the Infobahn.
 All women are automatically born with a shopping disorder
 Talk of the devil and he' s sure to appear.
 Love me tender / love me sweet / push me out at 12, 000 ft
 " Graphic Artist seeks Boss with vision impairment. "
 More haste, less speed.
 Copper wire was invented by lawyers arguing over a penny.
 I was talking during sex and my girlfriend hung up.
 You are an example of why some animals eat their young.
 Practice makes perfect.
 Cometh the hour cometh the man.
 The Bagginses, they steals our taglines, precioussss....
 and that, my leige, is how we know the Earth to be banana - shaped...
 Seek water in the sea.
 Lose nothing for want of asking.
 The younger brother the better gentleman.
 New religion? I haven' t used up the old one, yet!
 Why is the word abbreviation so long?
 God works in mysterious ways.
 An egotist is a person who is more interested in himself than in me.
 Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
 Once a thief always a thief.
 Loose lips sink ships.
 Behind every man, there' s a woman with nothing to wear.
 Beer: So much more than a breakfast drink.
 I am not 40, I' m 18 with 22 years experience
 ( a ) Fast, ( b ) Reliable, ( c ) Inexpensive - Pick Two.
 Take all things as they come and be content.
 There is no time like the present.
 There is danger in delay.
 Procrastination Day Has Been Postponed!
 There are as good fish in the sea as ever were caught.
 50 percent of something is better than one hundred percent of nothing.
 The show must go on.
 Multitasking = screwing up several things at once.
 If all goes well, you' ve overlooked something!
 Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
 Deep calls to deep.
 A young man married is a young man marred.
 Lunatic asylum: where optimism most flourishes.
 Cross the stream where it is shallowest.
... So simple a child could do it? Go find me a child!
 What you sow is what you reap.
 Curiosity killed the cat.
 The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak.
 The worth of a thing is what it will bring.
 Dogs wags their tails, not as much to you as to your bread.
 Any given program, once running, is obsolete.
 Who has not served cannot command.
 SYSOP \' sis äp \ n: the person laughing as you type
 No longer foster, no longer friend.
 Don' t lend people money. It causes amnesia.
 That government is best which governs least.
 Empty vessels make the most sound.
 To test a man' s character, give him power.
 Nothing is so smiple that it can' t get screwed up.
 One rotten apple will spoil the whole barrel.
 None of you exist. The sysop types it all in...
 One secret of success is to know how to deny yourself and other people.
 One scabbed sheep mars the whole flock.
 Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to open your mouth and remove all doubt.
 Today is a good day for you to jump in a lake.
 I' m not paranoid! Which of my enemies told you this?
 Oh sure! But what' s the speed of dark?
 A civil question deserves a civil answer.
 Once a drunkard always a drunkard.
 Hire teenagers while they still know everything.
 Who lives by hope will die of hunger.
 Take things as you find them.
 The first chapter of fools is to think themselves wise.
 I' m! A! Graduate! Of! The! Bill! Shatner! Acting! School!
 Speed doesn' t kill. Stopping very fast kills.
 If you want a thing done right, do it yourself.
 Hey, is this yours? Your dog left it on my lawn...
 Fretting cares make grey hairs.
 " Bother, " said Pooh, as he torched the forest.....
 He is my friend who grinds at my mill.
 Do not add oil to the fire.
 Laugh and the world laughs with you, cry and you cry alone.
 Vegetarian: Indian word for lousy hunter!!!
 Don' t kill the goose that lays the golden eggs.
 If ignorance is bliss, why aren' t there more happy folks?
 Love is blind.
 SHIN: A device for finding furniture in the dark
 Like father, like son.
 Life' s essentials: H O C N Ca P Cl K S Na Mg
 He gives twice who gives in a trice.
 A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
 There is no smoke without fire.
 Put a beggar on horseback and he' ll ride it to death.
 Send $ 20 and I will double your IQ or no money back
 The first step to health is to know that we are sick.
 Ultimate office automation: networked coffee machines.
 A rolling stone gathers no moss.
 Curiosity didn' t kill the cat. I got' im with the mower!
 Plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery.
 What happens when you get scared half to death..... twice?
 Put your money where your mouth is.
 Justice delayed is justice denied.
 What' s good for the goose is good for the gander.
 Profanity, the language of computer professionals
 If I want your opinion I' ll beat it out of you!
 All good things must come to an end.
 If it' s obvious, it' s obviously wrong.
 " WHO CARES where Carmen Sandiego is? "
 " She' s dead, Jim. Still warm, though. Flip ya for her? "
 Give and you might receive. Take and be sure of it.
 Here, you go first, you' re immune to bullets.
 I wish Noah had swatted those two mosquitoes.....
 We should not expect to find old heads on young shoulders.
 When all is said and done, more is said then done.
 A half truth is a whole lie.
 How do they get Teflon to stick to the pans?
 Where God has a church the devil will have his chapel.
 A low yield atomic bomb is like being a bit pregnant.
 God cures and the physician takes the fee.
 A cynic smells flowers and looks for the casket.
 It takes all sorts of people to make a world.
 Federal Law prohibits the removal of this tagline
 Press any key to continue.. Any other key to format hard drive.
 A girl a day keeps the wife away.
 Suicidal twin kills sister by mistake... news at 11!
 Haste makes waste.
 Time flies.
 Walk softly, carry a big stick.
 Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
 First come, first served.
 Someone who gossips to you will gossip about you.
 A little greed can get you lots of stuff
 Every man thinks his own geese swans.
 Money is the Root of All Evil. For more info, send $ 10.
 Don' t go between the tree and the bark.
 Mind your P' s and Q' s.
 Spare the rod, spoil the child.
 A career is a job that takes about 20 more hours a week.
 Strip mining prevents forest fires.
 Good eating deserves good drinking.
 You can' t have your cake and eat it too.
 Always remember you' re unique - just like everyone else.
 If you make yourself into a doormat, people will wipe their feet on you.
 Don' t put all your eggs in one basket.
 Whom God will destroy, he first make mad.
 Home sweet home.
 The pen is mightier than the sword.
 Goose, gander and gosling are three sounds but one thing.
 If you trust before you try, you may repent before you die.
 Tit for tat.
 War is too important to be left to the generals.
 No one knows where the shoe pinches, but he who wears it.
 " Ummm, trouble with grammar have I? Yes! " - - Yoda
 PRESS To test. < click > RELEASE to detonate.
 I' ll hear it from the horse' s mouth.
 Don' t make clothes for a not yet born baby.
 Success is just a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
 Counsel is no command.
 The boughs that bear most hang lowest.
 A jerk present in a group indicates a jerk in charge.
 A man' s best fortune or his worst is a wife.
 If anything can go wrong, it will.
 If Version 1. 0 works someone goofed...
 The best place for criticism is in front of your mirror.
 A picture is worth a thousand words.
 Half a loaf is better than no bread.
 Iron sharpens iron.
 A new broome sweepeth cleane.
 Take my advice, I don' t use it anyway.
 You can catch more flies with a drop of honey than with a barrel of vinegar.
 The world is your oyster.
 Better late than never.
 Life is a game. Money is how we keep score.
 Why did CNN cancel that cool " Desert Storm " show?
 The voice of the people is the voice of god.
 Keyboard not connected. Think F1 to continue.
 If you snooze you lose.
 You can' t see the wood for the trees.
 Don' t judge a book by its cover.
 Truth is stranger than fiction.
 To our sweethearts and wives. May they never meet!
 Life imitates art.
 It' s the Borg!! Quick, everyone try to look useless!
 Professionals built the Titanic, amateurs built the ark.
 If the shoe fits, wear it.
 We are born crying, live complaining, die disappointed
 Courage lost, all lost.
 Resist everything but temptation.
 Eavesdroppers hear no good of themselves.
 It ain' t over till it' s over.
 A man of words and not of deeds, is like a garden full of weeds.
 There is no royal road to learning.
 People who live in glass houses shouldn' t throw stones.
 Bathroom scale: Something you stand on and swear at.
 Daddy, how come my magnet won' t pick up these disks?
 Gotta run... the cat' s caught in the printer again!
 In the house of the hanged man, mention not the rope.
 He who does not advance goes backwards.
 Call me if you need my phone number!
 Measure twice, cut once.
 What you see is what you get.
 Lead me not into temptation, I can find my own way
 People tell me I' m indecisive. Am I? I' m not sure.
 Don' t be sexist! Chicks hate that.
 And on the seventh day, He took an aspirin.
 Brag is a good dog, but holdfast is better.
 There is no little enemy.
 This just in: Research causes cancer in rats!
 There' s more than one way to skin a cat.
 Don' t burn the candle at both ends.
 There' s no such thing as a free lunch.
 " I' d like to buy a schwa, Pat. "
 Virginity IS curable if detected early...
 Practice what you preach.
 Failure is the stepping stone for success.
 Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition.
 No pain, no gain.
 There is no tree but bears some fruit.
 Dear Santa, all I want is your list of naughty girls.
 People only throw stones at trees with fruit on them.
 Fear the man of one book.
 Children are uncertain comforts but certain cares.
 There are 2 kinds of people: pessimists and fools....
 It ain' t over till the fat lady sings.
 Tip: Never take a beer to a job interview.
 It wasn' t my fault your wife wandered into my house!
 Tagline dispenser temporarily out of order.
 As confused as a baby at a topless bar.
 Q: What do you call six blondes placed ear to ear? A: A wind tunnel.
 An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
 Hell is full. The damned are now in Tech Support.
 I' d love to, but I' m observing National Apathy Week.
 The best is cheapest.
 Quick at meat, quick at work.
 Beggars can' t be choosers.
 No Credit, Bad Credit? No Problem. No Money? Problem.
 Strike while the iron is hot.
 Nothing succeeds like success.
 If a job is worth doing, it is worth doing well.
 All are not friends who speak one fair.
 A book is a friend.
 Philosophy: unintelligible answers to insoluble problems
 " A newspaper is a collection of half - injustices "
 There is no such thing as bravery ; only degrees of fear.
 Florida bumper sticker: DON' T SHOOT! I' M LOCAL!
 Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
 A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
 Great beer bellies are made, not born.
 Reason does not come before years.
 It is not what you say, it is the way you say it.
 It said " Insert disk # 3 ", but only 2 will fit!
 Limit Congress to 2 terms: one in office, one in jail!
 Bitter pills may have blessed effects.
 They who would be young when they are old must be old when they are young.
 A fool with a tool is a well - equipped fool
 I idiot - proof my programs, but along comes a bigger idiot.
 Cobblers children are worst shod.
 Follow glory and it will flee, flee glory and it will follow thee.
 Cats are smarter than dogs... You won' t see eight cats pulling a sled.
 " Very funny, Scotty. Now beam up my clothes. "
 A Crucifix? Oy vey, have YOU got the wrong vampire...
 " Happiness is a warm puppy, " said the anaconda.
 Compatible: Blows up a little later than Incompatible
 Press any key to continue.. But my computer doesn' t have an " any " key.
 Pride comes before the fall.
 Do NOT look into laser with remaining eye..
 Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
 Tomorrow is another day.
 When thy friend asks, let there be no to - morrow.
 If you want enemies excel others, if you want friends let others excel you.
 You don' t shit where you eat.
 A belly button is for salt when you eat celery in bed.
 A lie can be halfway around the world before the truth gets its boots on.
 The most expensive component is the one that breaks.
 The eye looks but it is the mind that sees.
 An ounce of discretion is worth a pound of wit.
 If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
 No news is good news.
 You may use this opinion for a two week trial period.
 Deal gently with the bird you mean to catch.
 Better the devil you know ( than the one you don' t. )
 If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
 " Well done " is better than " well said ".
 Rule 1: Don' t sweat the small stuff. Rule 2: Everything is small stuff
 Like cures like.
 A husband is a lover who pushed his luck too far.
 The wish is father to the thought.
 None but the brave deserve the fair.
 It is the early bird that gets the worm.
 Make the best of a bad bargain.
 No man is born into this world, whose work is not born with him.
 If it screams, it' s not food, yet....
 Never lie to your lawyer.
 Do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them.
 He that will not when he may, when he will he may have nay.
 An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
 Anyone who remembers the 60' s... wasn' t there.
 When talking nonsense try not to be serious.
 All roads lead to Rome.
 He that would eat the kernel must crack the nut.
 Good swimmers are often drowned.
 A woman cries before the wedding, a man after.
 This building is so high, the elevator shows movies.
 The good is the enemy of the best.
 Of COURSE I' m on topic. ( Which echo is this? )
 Trespassers will be shot, survivors will be shot again!
 Never put off till tomorrow what can be done today.
 The best things in life are free.
 You must not run after two hares at the same time.
 Variety is the spice of life.
 My other vehicle is a Galaxy Class Starship
 Still water runs deep.
 Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down.
 Lightning never strikes twice in the same place.
 Hmmm, fence must still be down over at the funny farm....
 You always find something in the last place you look.
 Yo mama' s so easy, that Madonna get tips from her!
 We' re lost but we' re making good time.
 If you got it, flaunt it.
 If fortune favours, beware of being exalted ; if fortune thunders, beware of being overwhelmed.
 " Tea, Early Grey, hot " - Picard.. " Ale, Romulan, lots. " - Kirk
 Captain we' re at 1700 CPS. The UARTs canna take much more
 Windows loading. Come back tomorrow.
 Fight fire with fire.
 Can bankers count? Eight windows and only four tellers?
 We have nothing to fear but fear itself.
 Of two evils choose the least.
 911: Press 1 if robbery. Press 2 if house on fire. Press 3...
 Fire, quoth the fox, when he pissed on the ice.
 Anarchists of the world, UNITE!!
 Okay, I pulled the pin. Now what? Where are you going?
 A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
 Overdrawn? No way! I still have checks left!
 Basic Flying Rule # 1: Keep the pointy end forward.
 All that glisters is not gold.
 Power tends to corrupt ; absolute power corrupts absolutely.
 Many words will not fill a bushel.
 I never get lost, just momentarily disoriented.
 You are now entering a School Free Drug Zone.
 A nuclear war can ruin your whole day...
 You can' t have an omelette unless you break the egg.
 Give a dog a bad name and hang him.
 The heart sees farther than the head.
 Stop talking! I' m out of aspirin!
 Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
 The truth shall set you free, or The truth will set you free.
 I' m sorry Mrs. Bobbitt, you can' t send that in the mail.
 Monkey see, monkey do.
 Anything not nailed down is a cat toy.
 Success is a journey not a destination.
 I' d love to change the world... if I can get the source code.
 Always smile. It makes people wonder what you' re up to.
 Kindness, like grain, increases by sowing.
 Do I straddle the fence on issues? Well, yes and no....
 Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
 A friend cannot be known in prosperity nor an enemy be hidden in adversity.
 Shame take him that shame thinketh.
 A good beginning makes a good ending.
 It is always darkest just before you turn on the lights.
 If it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then it probably is a duck.
 A golden bit does not make the horse any better.
 We carry our greatest enemies within us.
 Nature, time, and patience are three great physicians.
 My other computer runs the Enterprise.
 Engineers: often wrong, seldom in doubt.
 Don' t let the perfect become the enemy of the good.
 A hedge between keeps friends green.
 Fine words butter no parsnips.
 Don' t take life seriously... it isn' t permanent.
 A wife lasts as long as a marriage, an ex - wife for ever.
 Don' t fall before you' re pushed.
 I before E except after C, huh? Weird.....
 Advice most needed is least heeded.
 ( A ) bort, ( R ) etry, ( F ) ail, ( G ) rab _ Hammer
 The longest mile is the last mile home.
 Where ignorance is bliss,' tis folly to be wise.
 Time and tide wait for no man.
 Love me, love my dog.
 I' m not worthless. I can always serve as a bad example.
 Forgive and forget.
 Don' t wash your dirty linen in public.
 A burnt child dreads the fire.
... I multi - task, I read in the bathroom.
 Enjoy the present day, trusting little to what tomorrow may bring.
 There are sins of omission as well as of commission.
 Deeds are fruits, words are but leaves.
 Wade not in unknown waters.
 I forget the dream, but I' m missing a pajama button...
 Yo mama' s so ugly, she made an onion cry.
 Politics makes strange bedfellows.
 Hey, wake up! It' s time for your sleeping pills.
 Procrastination is the thief of time.
 A watched pot never boils.
 Go with the flow.
 As you sow, so you reap.
 There' s many a slip' twixt cup and lip.
 Reckless youth makes rueful age.
 Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
 Love is like war, Easy to start, Hard to end, Impossible to forget.
 If you can' t beat them, join them.
 Pick Pockets 50 % Climb Walls 75 % Steal Tagline 99 %
 A seminar on Time Travel will be held 2 weeks ago....
 Be careful what you wish for, you just might get it.
 Proverbs run in pairs.
 The man who dies with the most toys is still dead.
 Shit or get off the pot.
 Windows isn' t crippleware: it' s " Functionally Challenged "
 Network management is like trying to herd cats...
 Confidence is important ; the computer can sense fear.
 It' s a good horse that never stumbles.
 There' s no place like home.
 By perseverance the snail reached the arc.
 Long absent, soon forgotten.
 A friend is best found in adversity.
 Don' t try to reinvent the wheel.
 Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of woman scorned!
 What' s another word for Thesaurus?
 Time will tell.
 Drumming is not the way to catch a hare.
 Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
 Home is where the heart is.
 Joan is as good as my lady in the dark.
 Be reasonable..... do it my way.
 Confidence is the companion of success.
 I' d love to, but I' m teaching my ferret to yodel.
 A broken watch is right two times a day.
 Don' t play with matches. Lighters work much, much better.
 Reward for a job well done: more work.
 Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long.
 Sharks don' t eat lawyers. Professional courtesy.
 He does the work of 3 men.... Larry Moe & Curly.
 Good girls go to heaven. Bad girls go EVERYwhere.
 I' m not lost, I' m " locationally challenged. "
 Where there' s muck there' s brass.
 When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
 Many a mickle makes a muckle.
 A cat may look at a king.
 Great minds agree.
 Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than you are.
 The only free cheese is in the mouse trap.
 Hasty judgment leads to repentance.
 Take care of number one.
 He' s dead, Jim. Kick him if you don' t believe me.
 Life is what you make of it.
 He that steals an egg will steal an ox.
 Though thou hast ever so many counsellors, yet do not forsake the counsel of thy own soul.
 Press any key to continue or any other key to quit
 It is better to die on one' s feet than live on one' s knees.
 Cats remind us that not everything in Nature has purpose.
 You have an important role as a negative example.
 Fear not the loss of the bell more than the loss of the steeple.
 Your E - mail has been returned due to insufficient voltage
 A paid up computer is, by definition, obsolete.
 Actions are usually right, but the reasons seldom are.
 The enemy of my enemy, is my friend.
 WORK HARDER!... Millions on Welfare depend on YOU!
 Give him an inch and he' ll take a yard.
 Double your hard disk space: DELETE WINDOWS!
 Give credit where credit is due.
 This tagline no verb.
 Don' t open the darkroom door ; it lets all the dark out.
 You can' t milk a bull.
 It' s not the money I want, it' s the stuff.
 A true friend does sometime venture to be offensive.
 Why yes, I - do - work for a unit of the Illuminati.
 Sow thin, shear thin.
 Sheesh! You start havin' fun, and they send the lawyers!
 He that can have patience can have what he will.
 All true wisdom is found on T - shirts. - - And in taglines.
 If it' s too good to be true, then it probably is.
 Why do we have training bras? What can we teach them?
 False friends are worse than open enemies.
 Mason - Dixon Line n. Separates y' all from youse guys
 Last night sex was so good the neighbors lit cigarettes.
 Manners maketh the man.
 A word spoken is past recalling.
 You have the right to remain silent.... USE IT!
 Fools and their money become popular quickly.
 The apple never falls far from the tree.
 We' re all sitting in the same boat: I fish, you row.
 Admiration is the daughter of ignorance.
 You are confused ; but this is your normal state.
 Live by the sword, die by the sword.
 User: The hardest - to - setup PC peripheral you can buy.
 Bush says " No new taxes! ", Clinton says, " No, NEW taxes! "
 Poverty is the reward of idleness.
 Took an hour to bury the cat. Silly thing kept moving...
 An idea is not responsible for fools who believe in it.
 Every rose has its thorn.
 Plough deep while sluggards sleep, and you will have corn to sell and keep.
 He' s not dead, he' s electroencephalographically challenged
 Canadian DOS prompt: EH? \ >
 Squirt guns don' t soak people, People soak people.
 Good clothes open all doors.
 A blow with a word strikes deeper than a blow with a sword.
 For want of a nail the shoe is lost, for want of a shoe the horse is lost, for want of a horse the rider is lost.
 Never draw fire, it irritates everyone around you.
 Better is the enemy of good.
 How come wrong numbers are never busy???
 Everyone talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.
 If it ain' t broke, let me have a shot at it.
 Age and treachery can always overcome youth and skill.
 It' s never too late to mend.
 I used to have a life, now I have a modem.
 2 Rules for Success: Rule # 1: Never reveal everything you know.
 Grasp all, lose all.
 Stewardess trainee: " Where does THIS door gooooooooooooo.... "
 Dwarf on a giant' s shoulder sees farther of the two.
 I' m NOT stubborn! You can' t convince me otherwise!!
 Who do you have to sleep with to get service around here?
 A good friend never offends.
 Misspelled? Impossible. My modem is error correcting.
 Armadillo: A mouse built to government specs.
 If at first you don' t succeed, try, try again.
 Objects in taglines are closer than they appear.
 Some thinkle peep I' m under the affluence of inkohol...
 I' d give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
 Objects under T - Shirt are larger than they appear.
 History is a set of lies agreed upon by the Victors
 Set a herring to catch a whale.
 Misery loves company.
 Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
 Only the good die young.
 53. 7 % of all statistics are totally incorrect
 She said she had nothing to wear. I smiled.
 Prevention is better than cure.
 Memories of you remind me of you.
 To hell with criticism. Praise is good enough for me.
 MilliHelen: Amount of beauty needed to launch one ship.
 LSD: Virtual Reality without all the fancy hardware
 The cobbler' s wife is the worst shod.
 I' d love to, but my patent is pending.
 Carrying coals to Newcastle.
 Men talk only to conceal the mind.
 Let me know right away if you don' t get this message.
 Computers make very fast, very efficient mistakes.
 In an empty head, you can hear forever....
 A rising tide lifts all boats.
 He who is not with me is against me.
 WinError # 01: Unable to figure out own code. System crashed.
 Reality is not only stranger than we imagine, it is stranger than we can imagine.
 Sushi: known to the rest of the world as' Bait'
 Those who live by the sword... kill those who don' t.
 A penny saved is a Congressional oversight.
 Shock me, say something intelligent!
 All' s well that ends well.
 Once again, Odo wins the Twister championship.
 Birds of a feather flock together.
 Everything is worth its price.
 Many things are lost for want of asking.
 A bird in the hand is better than one overhead!
 I can SPELL, I just can' t TYPE worth a hoot!
 How do you know if you run out of invisible ink?
 Don' t marry for money ; you can borrow it cheaper.
 If it' s useless, it will have to be documented.
 Winning isn' t everything, it' s the only thing.
 Take the will for the deed.
 We must take the bad with the good.
 I' m NOT unemployed..... I' m a consultant.
 There is no greater torment than to be alone in paradise.
 Should we tell the children when we move?
 Love is not finding someone to live with ; it' s finding someone whom you can' t live without.
 Don' t bark if you can' t bite.
 We' ll burn that bridge when we come to it.
 Exxon - greasing the coastline for smoother boating!
 Have an adequate day.
 He' s dead Jim. Grab his tricorder. I' ll get his wallet.
 The 4 major food groups: fast, frozen, junk, & spoiled.
 It is not wise to open old wounds.
 The remedy is worse than the disease.
 " And we had to chisel taglines into the walls of the cave.... "
 Choose a wife rather by your ear than your eye.
 Never test for an error you don' t know how to handle.
