me: im terrified of the vertical axis, therapist: why? me: [screams]
the population of ireland's capital city is really growing, in fact it's Dublin
a kid comes to the door with a sign "I love ceilings". He was a ceiling fan
i made a playlist for hiking: it has music from peanuts, the cranberries, and eminem: i call it my trail mix
leather armor is perfect for sneaking because its literally made of hide
astronomers got tired after watching the moon go around the earth for 24 hours so they decided to call it a day
there's a fine line between a numerator and a denominator: only a fraction of people will find this funny
we should legalize cannabis in all 50 states, use the taxes to repair roads & highways & call it operation pothole
your boss called to say you're fired: so bought your favourite soy sauce oh I see. kikkoman when he's down; huh?
you've got a lot of work experience but what are your degrees in? well i'm from canada so celsius
bread is like the sun, it rises in the yeast and sets in the west
orion's belt is a big waste of space terrible, only three stars
idk why marvel hasn't tried to put advertisements on hulk: he is essentially a giant banner
we ordered chinese food and it didn't come with any cookies and can't stop talking about how 'unfortunate' this is
this farmer isnt just good at his job he's outstanding in his field
what do you call 2000 mockingbirds? 2 kilomockingbirds
australians don't have sex they mate
did you ever shot in the army? no, i got shot in the leggy
have vou ever tried blind-folded archery? you don't know what you're missing
who decided to call it "emotional baggage" and not "griefcase"?
"bro, you want this pamphlet?" "brochure' 
noticed my wife and kids were wearing vests and they said I wasn't as invested as were
i am a slut for water, an h2hoe if you will
"are muslims allowed to eat that?" im sikh" "oh shit man, well soon"
german wifi is the wurst
wanted to post a joke about sodium but was like na people won't understand
a cannibal is someone who is fed up with people
people who can't distinguish between etymology and entomology bug me in ways I cannot put into words
breaking news stuttering man released prison early: he could not finish his sentence
as suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden: the plot thickens:
looks like someone lost their tuba that's tubad
100 years ago everyone owned a horse and only the rich had cars. today, everyone has cars and only the rich own horses the stables have turned
while most puns make me feel numb, maths puns make me feel number
im going to deliver the baby, actually, we'd like him to keep his liver
i had a hen who could count her own eggs. she was a mathemachicken:
my obese parrot died: it was a weight off my shoulder
we all know where the big apple is but does anyone know where the minneapolis
police:"im so sorry to the both of you, your son set the school on fire" parents: "arson?" police:"yes, your son"
do you think the ocean is salty because the land never waves back?
a mexican magician tells the audience he will disappear on the count of 3 he says, uno, dos.. *poof* he disappeared without a tres.
run out of toilet paper so i started using newspapers: the times are rough
all countries got coronavirus eventually, but china got it right off the bat
when two socks puppets really care for each other; it's not just sox, they make glove
people who sell meat are gross, but people who sell fruit and vegetables are grocer
you cant plant flowers if you haven't botany
the first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience the second time let me down
wanted: a man has been stealing wheels of police cars police are working tirelessly to catch him
don't always roll a joint, but when do, it's my ankle.
nurse: sorry for the wait my dad: no problem, im patient
if your guy doesn't appreciate fresh fruit puns let that mango!
saw an escalator for the first time today, just stopped and staired
"officer, how did the hacker escape?" I don't know, he just ransomware
gyms must remain open: the constitution guarantees freedom of the press
people are usually shocked when they find out I am not a good electrician
I caught my son chewing on electrical cords so I had to ground him
that's all 40 sheep. what? we should only have 37? I know, I rounded them up.
when my wife told me that the prime minister of canada got re-elected, I thought she was lying. it's trudeau.
fastening pieces of metal together is riveting
why do astronauts use linux? because they can't open windows in space
im writing a book about all the things I should be doing in my life its called an oughtobiography
two wifi engineers got married, the reception was fantastic
little known fact: before the crowbar was invented crows simply drank at home
accountant: what is your gross income? me: there's no need to insult my income like that
